magic9864hey-python anywhere pass

#Purpose/Goal
    Platform where exchange of goods without money is made as smooth as with money.

#Something unique or haard thing that other won't be able to copy easily



#Outcome
    A platform where people can exchange goods without money.
    Reduce and Reuse of goods.
    Reduce the amount of waste.
    Reduce the spending of individuals and later of whole nation

#Features/Functionalities/Funtional requirement
    User can post the goods they want to give away.
             post the goods they want to take.
             search for goods they want to take.
             search for goods they want to give away.
             contact the person who posted the goods.
             rate the person who posted the goods.
             see the rating of the person who posted the goods.
             see the goods posted by the person who posted the goods.
             see the goods taken by the person who posted the goods.


    
authentication/accout app

his is a good start for user authentication in a Django Rest Framework application. However, depending on the
 requirements of your application, you might need to add more functionality. For example, you might want to add 
 methods for updating a user's information, changing a user's password, or resetting a forgotten password.
  You might also want to add more security features, such as throttling to prevent brute force attacks, or 
  email verification to confirm that a user owns the email address they registered with.


  actions
    set cookies from API
    check how to get the user id for changing password



commands
daphne -p 8000 WeShare.asgi:application
python -m gunicorn WeShare.asgi:application -k uvicorn.workers.UvicornWorker
"python -m gunicorn WeShare.asgi:application -k uvicorn.workers.UvicornWorker --timeout 120 --workers 4"

this logs the https requests too
python -m gunicorn WeShare.asgi:application -k uvicorn.workers.UvicornWorker --access-logfile - --error-logfile -


before loading data
from django.contrib.contenttypes.models import ContentType
ContentType.objects.all().delete()


export DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE='WeShare.local_settings'
echo $DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE

sudo -i -u postgres

Running PostgreSQL Commands Without Switching Users
sudo -u postgres psql

sudo lsof -i :8000
sudo kill  -9 <pid>
sudo kill  -9 <kill>